* Is privacy important if you have nothing to hide?
  Yes, privacy is important and everyone should has it. As this question might
  seems misleading, for having nothing to hide is different from having privacy.
  Nothing to hide seems more like someone who is open to public and society and
  any status of himself is very much easy to access. However, privacy is a lot more
  than that, it's safety and life concern of people. Let's say you have nothing to
  hide about your relationship and where being, but I wouldn't think you would
  expose your address, phone no, social-security, credit-cards, and all your private
  information to be exposed and being used by any other as the fact of you have
  nothing to hide.

* Are Google/Facebook evil?
  As in the fact now, No.

* Does the government (NSA for example) have a responsibility to protect us from ourselves?
  As I think of govenment in general, they do have responsibility of passing bills
  in concern of people privacy, and protect the people from companies and any group
  which is trying to breach people's privacy and government themselves not being the one who is doing
  wrong of accessing people privacy and misusing it without letting them know in first hand,
  eventhough they are doing it for the concern of everyone else.
  NSA as another part of govenment agency, it's not in their interest protecting people's
  privacy, but exploiting any information anywhere as possible as part of their concern.

* Do programmers have a responsibility to make sure they build tools that are
private by default or is it each individuals responsibility to take steps to
protect their privacy only if they feel they need it?
  Both hand is involved and has responsibility in taking care of the privacy.
  But in my opinion, the programmers who create the program have more responsibility
  and knowledge in handling all the data from the users. As far it goes, I don't see
  that I have any idea where my information will be passed after I passed it to the program.
  In most cases, I think people tend to trust on companies and programmers to handle
  their privacy. As a user, I need to have knowledge and pick which company that will concern about
  my privacy. The other hand, all programmers should have good practice, regulation and convention of
  handling people's privacy.

* Does wanting privacy imply you have something to hide?
  Nope, eventhough I don't have anything to hide, I still need privacy. And anyone
  who is aware of how much open and accessible internet and your information nowadays are,
  know that how important privacy is.

* If we’re only looking at metadata (who called whom when) and not the content
of someones communication is that a violation of privacy?
  Simply put, metadata is data that provides information about other data. It is
  information that is generated as you use technology, and lets you know the who,
  what, where, when, and how of a variety of activities.
  I don't really know, unless the government passed some regulation about metadata,
  and it's actually my first-time hearing it so I will give you my most naive answer.
  So, I think it's a violation of privacy, in terms it contains some user's
  information and we are trying to access and look at it. It's totally a violation of
  privacy if programmer who is looking at the metadata is trying to collect some information
  for his own purpose.
